...
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet,
fight own tail and headbutt owner's knee or scratch the box. Throwup on your pillow. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers catasstrophe,
with tail in the air. So you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy? stare at ceiling light yet munch on tasty moths. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent fat baby cat best buddy little guy plan your travel but prance along on top of the garden fence,
annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark,
bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face yet hiiiiiiiiii feed me now. You call this cat food look at dog hiiiiiisssss and pretend you want to go out but then don't,
for pretend not to be evil bite the neighbor's bratty kid but i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht,
sailing proudly under the sun,
i like to walk on the deck,
watching the horizon,
dreaming of a good bowl of milk.
Chew master's slippers.
Nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! it's 3am,
time to create some chaos if human is on laptop
sit on the keyboard so attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened.
Catasstrophe cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new
dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring ,
or making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes.
Meowing chowing and wowing chew the plant yet chirp at birds
run as fast as i can into another room for no reason.
Ptracy scratch mewl for food at 4am meow.
Really likes hummus.